hello everyone welcome to a new vlog I
am just about to head off to for more
pants my makeup is done it's technically
a belated birthday for more for myself
although my birthday was quite a while
ago now I'm not really fitting in the
birthday mood but my birthday cards are
still up it's just a bit of an excuse to
go out for a formal with my friends so
you should be really fun looking forward
to it where's my wine
[Applause]
hey you a birthday form with all my
friends
check out my housemate I hate
[Music]
in the tension of the formal and I had
received as a gift to me and I topped
each library panel very exciting and a
unicorn cake because if anyone didn't
know my fur animal is a unicorn
what hello everyone I've had lectures
this morning I'm quite hungover today
unfortunately I mean I've had worse
hangovers definitely but you're I'm
feeling the effects of the alcohol I am
going to go over to the roost cafe the
Coolidge cafe and buy a bacon bat but if
they have any and a caramel latte I've
got a lot to do today
and also my old sick form have a trip
coming to Cambridge today people who
might be thinking about applying so I'm
gonna go along and meet them midway
through the afternoon
so yeah let's go buy a quick lunch get
back eat get going um all I want to do
is just like sleep okay everyone went
and saw the group that Vista Cambridge
from my six home I just found that visit
really useful back when I was applying
the paintbrush because my sex film has
run trips for the past few years just
have a look around Cambridge get a bit
of a flavour were it's like an ask
students questions and a group of the
current students when I was applying all
came to speak to us I just want to do
the same for future applicants from the
college because I did love my sixth from
college it was a great sixth form
college so yeah quite enjoyed doing that
this afternoon I decided just to get on
with my computing projects today because
my super visions don't start until next
week
so maybe mistakingly I'm thinking this
but I'm thinking I've got time until all
my supervision work is doing some more
I'm gonna kick off with a supervision
work I reckon just so it's done in time
but I think I can afford to spend an
the day doing my computing projects
hello everyone I'm going to go in the
shower someone else is just got in I
don't know why everyone's sharing at
this time normally everyone doesn't
shower at the same time it's me but this
morning and that's actually all I filmed
on Tuesday I only felt the need to pick
up the camera to complain about the
shower schedule so let's just skip to
the next day so I've just passed my test
that's one of the telescope domes behind
me which means I can use that health
gates whenever I wanted
which is a good news on Thursday morning
I went to the library between lectures
and was actually really productive got
started with my first example sheet of
term for my Astrophysical fluids course
[Music]
my sister is visiting tomorrow and she's
coming to a formal with me and a few of
my other friends she's probably going to
arrive mid afternoon and about three
o'clock ish so tan and Cleo need to get
my work done by 3:00 tomorrow and
haven't actually started it yet or I
start it briefly this morning when I was
in the library between matches and it
does look ok like it's not too bad so I
think I should be able to like bash out
today and tomorrow morning
I passed my up to test yesterday which I
think I mentioned briefly to you guys so
I can now go use the telescopes whenever
I like it's pretty cool a prehistoric
telescopes as well like the
Northumberland was the telescopes that
discovered Neptune they didn't actually
like realize that it was Neptune and
then Neptune was properly discovered a
week later so that's quite cool so I got
back to my fluids example she and worked
on it for the rest of the afternoon it
was actually quite good that my sister
was coming the next day because it gave
me an incentive to really work hard and
try and get the work finished before she
arrived by mid-afternoon on Friday the
work was complete so here's me handing
it in at the math department
[Music]
everyone thinks is only here in unity as
well she's at uni in London but she is
visiting we have come to a formal ending
it now
[Music]
later that evening we went to the
college games room and played some
articulate Danzig in Polish smoker good
morning everyone
it is Sunday as a quick update yesterday
I went to my lecture that was actually
the first thing I did in the day so my
day kind of started at midday yesterday
because I just wasted time in the
morning I did tidy my room actually
that's a lie i tidied my room before I
left look at the room now
I mean it's tidier than it normally is
so give me credit then I worked in the
library at the maths Department for much
of yesterday afternoon I spent a long
time drawing a telescope for my
flashcards I like to have little title
pages and I clearly thought that getting
a nice drawing on the front was more
important than actually answering the
questions this week and that leads on to
what I'm doing today today I'm doing all
my questions for my topics in
observational astrophysics module not
gonna lie so far hasn't been my favorite
we've just been looking at how
telescopes work and there's been loads
of ray diagrams and there's all this
optics staff with diffraction and
aberration and I'm just like it's not my
favorite hello everyone so is Sunday
evening I've been working today but not
efficiently I am still going with my
questions they should have been finished
by lunchtime today if I'd sat down and
concentrated but I didn't I honestly
don't know how I've wasted my day what
have I been doing all day
my work is actually doing
clock tomorrow morning tomorrow I've got
a dinner with all of the other people in
my year at Jesus College because the
master is holding a third year dinner so
that should be fun because all my
friends are going and we can all dress
up however I do have work doing on
Tuesday and I also have worked you in on
Wednesday of course with deadlines this
coming week we'll see how that goes and
they've got to hit for a night out on
Tuesday whether I'll go is another
question entirely I'm gonna get into my
pajamas on my dressing-gown and then
power through the rest of my work and
then get a good night's sleep
hello everyone so I've managed to get up
earlier than I actually need to be up
which is good news I have got some time
to sit down and just tie up my loose
ends from my work yesterday evening
honestly I just I feel like I've done
such a bad joke at this question sheet
and a lot of the questions they tell you
like the pixels are X micron square a
single lens gets an F ratio at the
detector of N and then they go now
derive an expression for minimum wave
front tilt that can be detected what
does it mean when it says the position
of the guy's star can be measured to a
fraction of a pixel F what is of course
two lectures this morning starting at 10
then straight afterwards a supervision
from 12 to 1 so it's just three hours in
one go free for the rest of the day to
get on with my next question sheet then
I'm going to the third year dinner which
will be very fun just had my first
supervision for my observational
astrophysics module it went quite well
it was a good supervision my supervisor
was actually doing his first supervision
ever with us today like he hadn't had
any experience supervising before but he
explains things really well so that was
good
it turns out he had similar issues to me
when I was working through the questions
and he was describing how he took a long
time picturing the celestial sphere and
figuring out where things are rotating
and
what angles go where because one of our
questions was about telescope tracking
and a particular altitude azimuth
telescope mount and the zenith blind
spot is any of you know about that yeah
by the end of it it turns out I had got
the right idea but I hadn't made the
connection that is tracking it constant
as a moose but then the altitude can't
go over it can only go between 0 and 90
degrees so it has to suddenly do a whoop
and down so it has to rotate 180 in as a
moose before it goes down and altitude I
don't think that made sense at all and
you guys haven't even seen the question
so you wouldn't understand one go one
about but visualization is one of my
weak points I would say the good news is
my lectures are now moving on from all
this telescope stuff to more interesting
stuff in my observational astrophysics
module today we were looking at pulses
pulses pulsars I don't know how you
pronounce it rotating neutron stars
let's go for that so it's getting much
more interesting so hopefully it stays
that way as I mentioned earlier I do
have the 3rd year master's dinner this
evening however I don't need to be ready
for that until about 7 o'clock it's only
2:30 at the moment I do have a question
sheet doing tomorrow evening as well so
I should definitely get started on that
today if I haven't started it yet but
I'm feeling quite on in it quite
organized this week Pat back to me page
I had a lovely time at the third-year
dinner on Monday the food was so good
and the master did a really good speech
but here I am afterwards feeling tired
very much ready for bed it was time to
take my makeup off good night everyone
on Tuesday I literally spent all day at
the maths Department
I had statistical physics questions to
complete and also a supervision I've
just got back from my day I have been
mostly at the math department today I've
worked in the math library for ages I
had a
supervision damn it I forgot to hand in
my work ah I'm so annoyed of myself I
don't know whether to go back and hand
in the work hi I spent ages on that I
forgot to hand it in I'm an idiot
to be fair the supervision isn't until
Thursday so that's two days time
although the deadline was ten minutes
ago which I would have made cuz I was
literally there with my completed work
and I forgot to hand it in I'm just
gonna hand it in tomorrow morning
because I've got lecture starting at
9:00 tomorrow so I'm just gonna pass by
the math department early sound it'll be
there really early tomorrow morning
anyway that's annoying I'm an idiot
why am I such an idiot do me I'm about
to go get dinner and a forecast and my
friends are obviously cool at the normal
time I've got half an outdoor cat
closest oh so I'm just gonna go ahead
get sued where's my cam card cuz that's
what I pay with and I need that I'm just
really tired this evening I'm supposed
to be going out I know it's weird and I
don't normally go out these days but I
was supposed to be going on a club night
but nerves I'm not sure I'm really
feeling it to dev and feeling just a bit
down in general just one of those days
you know it's like oh yeah I just fancy
a quieter evening I'll probably go and
talk to my friends while they're like
praying before they go out
I'm almost three weeks through term now
though guys I'm gonna go get food so
here I'm heading into the college hall
to get food and the Week continues in my
next vlog so thank you very much for
watching this video please give the
video a like if you enjoyed it subscribe
hit the notification bell all that good
stuff and I'll see you soon with another
video bye
[Music]